This document covers how my Gradebook Class works,
and how you should utilize it.

With the Gradebook class, you can do the following:
-   Add students
-   Add assignments
-   Add grades
-   Return a formatted report to print


How to use the add_student() method:
-   When you add a student, you need to include the following:
    -   First name
    -   Last name
    -   Student ID
-   Each student's ID needs to be unique
    -   If you try to add a student with an ID that has
        already been used, it will throw an exception

How does add_student() work?
-   When you call add_student(), it first checks if the ID
    entered isn't already in the map of students (which are
    key/value pairs of IDs / *student objects)
    -   If the ID is in the map, it throws an exception
    -   If that ID is unique, then it will use the entered
        arguments to construct a new student object on the heap
-   Then it will add a pointer to that student object to the
    map of students


How to use the add_assignment() method:
-   When you add an assignment you need to give it a name
    and a max grade value
-   If the assignment name has already been used, then it
    will throw an exception

How does the add_assignment() method work?
-   When you add an assignment, it first checks if the
    assignment name is already in the map of assignments
    (key/value pairs are names / *assignment objects)
    -   If the name is in the map, then it throws an exception
    -   If the name hasn't been used before, then it creates a
        new Assignment object on the heap
-   Then it adds a pointer to that assignment to the map
    of Assignments


How to use the add_grade() method:
-   When you add a grade, you need to include the following:
    -   Assignment name
    -   Student ID
    -   Grade
-   If you do one of the following, it will throw an exception:
    -   Enter a Assignment Name that doesn't exist
    -   Enter a Student ID that doesn't exist
    -   Enter a negative grade

How does the add_grade() method work?
-   After validating that the entered assignment name and
    student ID do exist in their respective maps, it calls
    the add_grade() method on the assignment object with the
    matching name.
-   The assignment's add_grade() method then validates that
    the grade is not negative
-   Then it adds the grade to a map of Grades (which key/value
    pairs are student IDs / grades)


The report() method returns a formatted string to use for
printing the gradebook to the screen.
-   It still works without any assignments or student added.
    In this case, it will just print the beginning of the
    header.
-   Grades that have not been entered will print "N/A" instead
    of a grade value


As you can see, the Gradebook class is built so that when
you utilize it, you don't have to think about the Student or
Assignment objects that are working in the background. You
only need to call methods on the Gradebook itself to use it.
